Verify API (#436)
WalletConnect/walletconnect-docs: docs/specs/clients/core/verify/verify-client-api.md

# Verify Client

## Description

Verify Client will authenticate and verify the origin of a message by registering an attestation on the Verify Server.

> To ensure that attestations are privacy-perserving we used the encrypted contents of the Relay messages and hash them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure that attestations are privacy-perserving we use the decrytped contents of the Relay messages and hash them.
```

High-level APIs will stringify a JSON-RPC payload before encrypting therefore we will use the stringified JSON and hash it.

```sh
attestation_id = sha256(stringify(json_rpc_payload))
```

Thus both the sender and recipient can derive the same attestation id before or after decrypting messages sent through the Relay.

The Verify Server only needs to map an attestation id to an origin which will be a url for browser-based applications.

## Client API

```typescript
interface Verify Client {
  // initializes the client 

>   public abstract init(params: { verifyUrl: string }): Promise<void>;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  public abstract init(params: { verifyUrl?: string }): Promise<void>;
```

We could make it optional and default to walletconnect verify URL

  
  // register attestation on the Verify Server

>   public abstract register(params: { attestationId: string }): Promise<void>;

Reviewer: Can we rename `attestationId` to `assertionId`

  // resolve attestation from the Verify Server

>   public abstract resolve(params: { attestationId: string, verifyUrl?: string }): Promise<string>;

Reviewer 2: I think verifyUrl is not necessary for the resolve method since it's injected within the init

Author: the verifyUrl in init() used for the register() but not for the resolve() 

but if it's missing in the resolve() then it's assumed to use the same one
